I wonder if the ex-president will weather the political storm that ensues when they release the tax returns.
The weather outside is frightful, but the fire is so delightful.
I'm really feeling under the weather right now, can you get me some cough drops?
Today in school I learned about erosion and weathering.
Whether or not we get there on time, I'll bring great gifts.
Did you watch the Miami heat game last night? They were so hot from the three-point line!
I know it might seem useless right now, but you really should be saving your money for a rainy day - healthcare in California is so expensive these days
I was reading an article the other day on how much the weather in New York affects stock prices, since it houses the major exchanges
Investment weather these days isn't looking too great, I think there's a bubble cause by Robinhood traders
can we weather the political storm that's coming to the capital?
we need to increase the temperature of the meal by a hundred degrees to cook it
how cold should we keep the refrigirator 
what's the use of such painful climate. it keeps burning up everything
we should fog up the room to kill the insects the house
The room is super humid. Can you open a window?
I'm feeling hot. Can you go turn on the fan.
I think rain is the best way to collect some free water
They should really fix the broken storm drain outside. 
My friend's uncle operates a heating, ventilation, and air conditioning company.
This track is complete fire and it made the Billboard Hot 100 in its first week released!
Who made the AC so cold?
Don't worry about the internal temperature, just stop heating the meat when its texture looks right.
If you don't open this door, you leave me no choice but to freeze outside
Please upload the winter wonderland song in this folder.
Can you tell me more about the wooly mammoth? What kind of climate did it live in? I heard it was pretty cold.
Be careful, your friend slipped on the ice on his way back home!
How about this, we won't start heating the pan until the chicken is defrosted?
If I gotta be honest, I don't think this venture will pan out. Everyone thinks it's a hot new opportunity but I'm pretty cold towards it.
Let's change that contour plot to a heat map.